new,newest,pretty
warm,warmest,very
warm,warmer,quite
warm,warmer,very
warm,warmer,too
green,greener,more
loud,louder,very
rich,richest,very
rich,richest,so
rich,richest,more
rich,richer,very
rich,richer,so
rich,richer,as
rich,richer,more
fair,fairer,more
fair,fairer,only
fair,fairest,more
weak,weaker,relatively
weak,weaker,pretty
weak,weaker,so
weak,weaker,very
weak,weaker,really
weak,weaker,too
weak,weakest,very
tough,tougher,pretty
tough,tougher,really
tough,tougher,so
old,older,years
old,older,very
old,older,so
old,older,year
old,older,pretty
old,older,as
old,older,too
dead,deader,more
cool,cooler,pretty
cool,cooler,really
cool,cooler,very
cool,cooler,so
cool,cooler,way
cool,cooler,that
cool,cooler,kind of
cool,cooler,totally
quick,quicker,very
quick,quicker,so
quick,quicker,real
quicker,quickest,much
proud,prouder,more
weird,weirder,so
weird,weirder,pretty
weird,weirder,totally
weird,weirder,really
weird,weirder,very
weird,weirder,just
weird,weirder,kinda
weird,weirder,real
weird,weirder,a little
weird,weirder,that
weird,weirder,a bit
weird,weirder,too
weird,weirder,kind of
tall,taller,very
tall,taller,as
tall,taller,that
cold,colder,really
cold,colder,too
cold,colder,very
cold,colder,a little
cold,colder,kind of
cold,colder,damn
cheap,cheaper,increasingly
bright,brighter,very
bright,brighter,too
slow,slower,too
slow,slower,very
slow,slower,rather
slow,slower,really
slow,slower,pretty
slow,slower,real
slow,slower,a bit
slow,slower,kind of
stupid,stupider,more
quiet,quieter,so
quiet,quieter,pretty
quiet,quieter,very
sound,sounder,physically
dark,darkest,very
dark,darker,so
dark,darker,very
dark,darker,too
fast,faster,very
fast,faster,really
fast,faster,real
fast,faster,fairly
fast,faster,pretty
fast,faster,relatively
fast,fastest,pretty
faster,fastest,even
strict,strictest,more
strict,stricter,more
strict,stricter,very
low,lowest,as
low,lowest,very
low,lowest,relatively
low,lowest,particularly
low,lower,very
low,lower,too
low,lower,rather
low,lower,relatively
low,lower,quite
low,lower,comparatively
low,lower,fairly
low,lower,generally
low,lower,pretty
lower,lowest,somewhat
lower,lowest,much
deep,deeper,very
deeper,deepest,much
deeper,deepest,even
poor,poorest,very
poor,poorest,most
poor,poorest,extremely
poor,poorer,most
poor,poorer,very
poor,poorer,so
small,smaller,very
small,smaller,relatively
small,smaller,fairly
small,smaller,as
small,smaller,too
small,smaller,pretty
small,smallest,very
small,smallest,too
small,smallest,relatively
smaller,smallest,even
smaller,smallest,much
strong,strongest,very
strong,strongest,particularly
strong,strongest,especially
strong,stronger,very
strong,stronger,particularly
strong,stronger,relatively
stronger,strongest,even
narrow,narrower,very
narrow,narrower,too
short,shorter,as
short,shorter,very
short,shorter,relatively
short,shorter,too
short,shorter,extremely
short,shorter,fairly
short,shortest,as
harder,hardest,a little
harder,hardest,even
hard,harder,so
hard,harder,really
hard,harder,very
hard,harder,quite
hard,harder,real
hard,harder,just so
hard,harder,pretty
hard,harder,as
hard,harder,just
hard,harder,a little
hard,harder,too
hard,harder,that
clearer,clearest,any
clearer,clearest,a little
clearer,clearest,much
clear,clearest,very
clear,clearest,more
clear,clearest,quite
clear,clearest,abundantly
clear,clearest,perfectly
clear,clearer,so
clear,clearer,more
clear,clearer,abundantly
clear,clearer,that
clear,clearer,increasingly
clear,clearer,pretty
clear,clearer,as
clear,clearer,perfectly
clear,clearer,very
clear,clearer,quite
clear,clearer,absolutely
clear,clearer,completely
clear,clearer,crystal
clear,clearer,extremely
clear,clearer,fairly
firm,firmer,more
firm,firmer,very
longer,longest,even
long,longest,more
long,longer,long
long,longer,long
long,longer,very
long,longer,rather
long,longer,too
long,longer,relatively
long,longer,fairly
long,longer,really
long,longer,damn
younger,youngest,so much
younger,youngest,even
younger,youngest,much
young,youngest,very
young,youngest,so
young,youngest,pretty
young,younger,very
young,younger,relatively
young,younger,pretty
young,younger,kind of
great,greater,so
great,greater,as
great,greater,very
great,greater,comparatively
great,greater,fairly
great,greater,relatively
great,greatest,so
great,greatest,very
great,greatest,really
greater,greatest,still
greater,greatest,ever
greater,greatest,much
greater,greatest,far
greater,greatest,even
few,fewer,relatively
few,fewer,very
few,fewer,as
higher,highest,a little
higher,highest,much
higher,highest,even
higher,highest,somewhat
high,higher,comparatively
high,higher,very
high,higher,so
high,higher,relatively
high,higher,as
high,higher,rather
high,higher,quite
high,higher,fairly
high,highest,very
high,highest,quite
high,highest,extremely
high,highest,unusually
high,highest,particularly
high,highest,especially
light,lighter,pretty
light,lighter,so
light,lighter,very
light,lighter,as
less,lesser,any
less,lesser,little
less,lesser,relatively
less,lesser,a little
less,lesser,rather
less,lesser,much
less,lesser,no
less,lesser,somewhat
less,lesser,even
less,lesser,far
less,lesser,nothing
smart,smarter,pretty
smart,smarter,really
smart,smarter,very
smart,smarter,so
broader,broadest,much
broad,broader,very
broad,broadest,very
broad,broadest,as
quicker,quick,a lot
lowest,lower,very
lower,low,even
lower,low,comparatively
lower,low,slightly
lower,low,close
lower,low,substantially
poorest,poor,very
poorest,poorer,very
poorest,poorer,the
smaller,small,other
stronger,strong,even
harder,hard,a little
harder,hard,a lot
harder,hard,that much
clearer,clear,any
longer,long,slightly
youngest,younger,very
greatest,greater,very
greatest,greater,single
greater,great,much
greater,great,even
fewer,few,far
higher,high,much
higher,high,even
highest,higher,very
highest,higher,the
lesser,less,somewhat
lesser,less,slightly
lesser,less,much

new,newest,pretty
warm,warmest,very
warm,warmer,quite
warm,warmer,very
warm,warmer,too
green,greener,more
loud,louder,very
rich,richest,very
rich,richest,so
rich,richest,more
rich,richer,very
rich,richer,so
rich,richer,as
rich,richer,more
fair,fairer,more
fair,fairer,only
fair,fairest,more
weak,weaker,relatively
weak,weaker,pretty
weak,weaker,so
weak,weaker,very
weak,weaker,really
weak,weaker,too
weak,weakest,very
tough,tougher,pretty
tough,tougher,really
tough,tougher,so
old,older,years
old,older,very
old,older,so
old,older,year
old,older,pretty
old,older,as
old,older,too
dead,deader,more
cool,cooler,pretty
cool,cooler,really
cool,cooler,very
cool,cooler,so
cool,cooler,way
cool,cooler,that
cool,cooler,kind of
cool,cooler,totally
quick,quicker,very
quick,quicker,so
quick,quicker,real
quicker,quickest,much
proud,prouder,more
weird,weirder,so
weird,weirder,pretty
weird,weirder,totally
weird,weirder,really
weird,weirder,very
weird,weirder,just
weird,weirder,kinda
weird,weirder,real
weird,weirder,a little
weird,weirder,that
weird,weirder,a bit
weird,weirder,too
weird,weirder,kind of
tall,taller,very
tall,taller,as
tall,taller,that
cold,colder,really
cold,colder,too
cold,colder,very
cold,colder,a little
cold,colder,kind of
cold,colder,damn
cheap,cheaper,increasingly
bright,brighter,very
bright,brighter,too
slow,slower,too
slow,slower,very
slow,slower,rather
slow,slower,really
slow,slower,pretty
slow,slower,real
slow,slower,a bit
slow,slower,kind of
stupid,stupider,more
quiet,quieter,so
quiet,quieter,pretty
quiet,quieter,very
sound,sounder,physically
dark,darkest,very
dark,darker,so
dark,darker,very
dark,darker,too
fast,faster,very
fast,faster,really
fast,faster,real
fast,faster,fairly
fast,faster,pretty
fast,faster,relatively
fast,fastest,pretty
faster,fastest,even
strict,strictest,more
strict,stricter,more
strict,stricter,very
low,lowest,as
low,lowest,very
low,lowest,relatively
low,lowest,particularly
low,lower,very
low,lower,too
low,lower,rather
low,lower,relatively
low,lower,quite
low,lower,comparatively
low,lower,fairly
low,lower,generally
low,lower,pretty
lower,lowest,somewhat
lower,lowest,much
deep,deeper,very
deeper,deepest,much
deeper,deepest,even
poor,poorest,very
poor,poorest,most
poor,poorest,extremely
poor,poorer,most
poor,poorer,very
poor,poorer,so
small,smaller,very
small,smaller,relatively
small,smaller,fairly
small,smaller,as
small,smaller,too
small,smaller,pretty
small,smallest,very
small,smallest,too
small,smallest,relatively
smaller,smallest,even
smaller,smallest,much
strong,strongest,very
strong,strongest,particularly
strong,strongest,especially
strong,stronger,very
strong,stronger,particularly
strong,stronger,relatively
stronger,strongest,even
narrow,narrower,very
narrow,narrower,too
short,shorter,as
short,shorter,very
short,shorter,relatively
short,shorter,too
short,shorter,extremely
short,shorter,fairly
short,shortest,as
harder,hardest,a little
harder,hardest,even
hard,harder,so
hard,harder,really
hard,harder,very
hard,harder,quite
hard,harder,real
hard,harder,just so
hard,harder,pretty
hard,harder,as
hard,harder,just
hard,harder,a little
hard,harder,too
hard,harder,that
clearer,clearest,any
clearer,clearest,a little
clearer,clearest,much
clear,clearest,very
clear,clearest,more
clear,clearest,quite
clear,clearest,abundantly
clear,clearest,perfectly
clear,clearer,so
clear,clearer,more
clear,clearer,abundantly
clear,clearer,that
clear,clearer,increasingly
clear,clearer,pretty
clear,clearer,as
clear,clearer,perfectly
clear,clearer,very
clear,clearer,quite
clear,clearer,absolutely
clear,clearer,completely
clear,clearer,crystal
clear,clearer,extremely
clear,clearer,fairly
firm,firmer,more
firm,firmer,very
longer,longest,even
long,longest,more
long,longer,long
long,longer,long
long,longer,very
long,longer,rather
long,longer,too
long,longer,relatively
long,longer,fairly
long,longer,really
long,longer,damn
younger,youngest,so much
younger,youngest,even
younger,youngest,much
young,youngest,very
young,youngest,so
young,youngest,pretty
young,younger,very
young,younger,relatively
young,younger,pretty
young,younger,kind of
great,greater,so
great,greater,as
great,greater,very
great,greater,comparatively
great,greater,fairly
great,greater,relatively
great,greatest,so
great,greatest,very
great,greatest,really
greater,greatest,still
greater,greatest,ever
greater,greatest,much
greater,greatest,far
greater,greatest,even
few,fewer,relatively
few,fewer,very
few,fewer,as
higher,highest,a little
higher,highest,much
higher,highest,even
higher,highest,somewhat
high,higher,comparatively
high,higher,very
high,higher,so
high,higher,relatively
high,higher,as
high,higher,rather
high,higher,quite
high,higher,fairly
high,highest,very
high,highest,quite
high,highest,extremely
high,highest,unusually
high,highest,particularly
high,highest,especially
light,lighter,pretty
light,lighter,so
light,lighter,very
light,lighter,as
less,lesser,any
less,lesser,little
less,lesser,relatively
less,lesser,a little
less,lesser,rather
less,lesser,much
less,lesser,no
less,lesser,somewhat
less,lesser,even
less,lesser,far
less,lesser,nothing
smart,smarter,pretty
smart,smarter,really
smart,smarter,very
smart,smarter,so
broader,broadest,much
broad,broader,very
broad,broadest,very
broad,broadest,as
quicker,quick,a lot
lowest,lower,very
lower,low,even
lower,low,comparatively
lower,low,slightly
lower,low,close
lower,low,substantially
poorest,poor,very
poorest,poorer,very
poorest,poorer,the
smaller,small,other
stronger,strong,even
harder,hard,a little
harder,hard,a lot
harder,hard,that much
clearer,clear,any
longer,long,slightly
youngest,younger,very
greatest,greater,very
greatest,greater,single
greater,great,much
greater,great,even
fewer,few,far
higher,high,much
higher,high,even
highest,higher,very
highest,higher,the
lesser,less,somewhat
lesser,less,slightly
lesser,less,much

new,newest,pretty
warm,warmest,very
warm,warmer,quite
warm,warmer,very
warm,warmer,too
green,greener,more
loud,louder,very
rich,richest,very
rich,richest,so
rich,richest,more
rich,richer,very
rich,richer,so
rich,richer,as
rich,richer,more
fair,fairer,more
fair,fairer,only
fair,fairest,more
weak,weaker,relatively
weak,weaker,pretty
weak,weaker,so
weak,weaker,very
weak,weaker,really
weak,weaker,too
weak,weakest,very
tough,tougher,pretty
tough,tougher,really
tough,tougher,so
old,older,years
old,older,very
old,older,so
old,older,year
old,older,pretty
old,older,as
old,older,too
dead,deader,more
cool,cooler,pretty
cool,cooler,really
cool,cooler,very
cool,cooler,so
cool,cooler,way
cool,cooler,that
cool,cooler,kind of
cool,cooler,totally
quick,quicker,very
quick,quicker,so
quick,quicker,real
quicker,quickest,much
proud,prouder,more
weird,weirder,so
weird,weirder,pretty
weird,weirder,totally
weird,weirder,really
weird,weirder,very
weird,weirder,just
weird,weirder,kinda
weird,weirder,real
weird,weirder,a little
weird,weirder,that
weird,weirder,a bit
weird,weirder,too
weird,weirder,kind of
tall,taller,very
tall,taller,as
tall,taller,that
cold,colder,really
cold,colder,too
cold,colder,very
cold,colder,a little
cold,colder,kind of
cold,colder,damn
cheap,cheaper,increasingly
bright,brighter,very
bright,brighter,too
slow,slower,too
slow,slower,very
slow,slower,rather
slow,slower,really
slow,slower,pretty
slow,slower,real
slow,slower,a bit
slow,slower,kind of
stupid,stupider,more
quiet,quieter,so
quiet,quieter,pretty
quiet,quieter,very
sound,sounder,physically
dark,darkest,very
dark,darker,so
dark,darker,very
dark,darker,too
fast,faster,very
fast,faster,really
fast,faster,real
fast,faster,fairly
fast,faster,pretty
fast,faster,relatively
fast,fastest,pretty
faster,fastest,even
strict,strictest,more
strict,stricter,more
strict,stricter,very
low,lowest,as
low,lowest,very
low,lowest,relatively
low,lowest,particularly
low,lower,very
low,lower,too
low,lower,rather
low,lower,relatively
low,lower,quite
low,lower,comparatively
low,lower,fairly
low,lower,generally
low,lower,pretty
lower,lowest,somewhat
lower,lowest,much
deep,deeper,very
deeper,deepest,much
deeper,deepest,even
poor,poorest,very
poor,poorest,most
poor,poorest,extremely
poor,poorer,most
poor,poorer,very
poor,poorer,so
small,smaller,very
small,smaller,relatively
small,smaller,fairly
small,smaller,as
small,smaller,too
small,smaller,pretty
small,smallest,very
small,smallest,too
small,smallest,relatively
smaller,smallest,even
smaller,smallest,much
strong,strongest,very
strong,strongest,particularly
strong,strongest,especially
strong,stronger,very
strong,stronger,particularly
strong,stronger,relatively
stronger,strongest,even
narrow,narrower,very
narrow,narrower,too
short,shorter,as
short,shorter,very
short,shorter,relatively
short,shorter,too
short,shorter,extremely
short,shorter,fairly
short,shortest,as
harder,hardest,a little
harder,hardest,even
hard,harder,so
hard,harder,really
hard,harder,very
hard,harder,quite
hard,harder,real
hard,harder,just so
hard,harder,pretty
hard,harder,as
hard,harder,just
hard,harder,a little
hard,harder,too
hard,harder,that
clearer,clearest,any
clearer,clearest,a little
clearer,clearest,much
clear,clearest,very
clear,clearest,more
clear,clearest,quite
clear,clearest,abundantly
clear,clearest,perfectly
clear,clearer,so
clear,clearer,more
clear,clearer,abundantly
clear,clearer,that
clear,clearer,increasingly
clear,clearer,pretty
clear,clearer,as
clear,clearer,perfectly
clear,clearer,very
clear,clearer,quite
clear,clearer,absolutely
clear,clearer,completely
clear,clearer,crystal
clear,clearer,extremely
clear,clearer,fairly
firm,firmer,more
firm,firmer,very
longer,longest,even
long,longest,more
long,longer,long
long,longer,long
long,longer,very
long,longer,rather
long,longer,too
long,longer,relatively
long,longer,fairly
long,longer,really
long,longer,damn
younger,youngest,so much
younger,youngest,even
younger,youngest,much
young,youngest,very
young,youngest,so
young,youngest,pretty
young,younger,very
young,younger,relatively
young,younger,pretty
young,younger,kind of
great,greater,so
great,greater,as
great,greater,very
great,greater,comparatively
great,greater,fairly
great,greater,relatively
great,greatest,so
great,greatest,very
great,greatest,really
greater,greatest,still
greater,greatest,ever
greater,greatest,much
greater,greatest,far
greater,greatest,even
few,fewer,relatively
few,fewer,very
few,fewer,as
higher,highest,a little
higher,highest,much
higher,highest,even
higher,highest,somewhat
high,higher,comparatively
high,higher,very
high,higher,so
high,higher,relatively
high,higher,as
high,higher,rather
high,higher,quite
high,higher,fairly
high,highest,very
high,highest,quite
high,highest,extremely
high,highest,unusually
high,highest,particularly
high,highest,especially
light,lighter,pretty
light,lighter,so
light,lighter,very
light,lighter,as
less,lesser,any
less,lesser,little
less,lesser,relatively
less,lesser,a little
less,lesser,rather
less,lesser,much
less,lesser,no
less,lesser,somewhat
less,lesser,even
less,lesser,far
less,lesser,nothing
smart,smarter,pretty
smart,smarter,really
smart,smarter,very
smart,smarter,so
broader,broadest,much
broad,broader,very
broad,broadest,very
broad,broadest,as
quicker,quick,a lot
lowest,lower,very
lower,low,even
lower,low,comparatively
lower,low,slightly
lower,low,close
lower,low,substantially
poorest,poor,very
poorest,poorer,very
poorest,poorer,the
smaller,small,other
stronger,strong,even
harder,hard,a little
harder,hard,a lot
harder,hard,that much
clearer,clear,any
longer,long,slightly
youngest,younger,very
greatest,greater,very
greatest,greater,single
greater,great,much
greater,great,even
fewer,few,far
higher,high,much
higher,high,even
highest,higher,very
highest,higher,the
lesser,less,somewhat
lesser,less,slightly
lesser,less,much

