great, harsh
frequent, static
advantageous, humiliating
difficult, inflexible
remaining, usually
broader, progressive
creative, instable
twelve, well-respected
fuller, preliminary
migratory, unjustified
imperceptible, self-sustainable
documented, favourable
threaded, well-received
bad-looking, welcome
inadvisable, prolonged
through, unnerving
as, snotty
discernable, fatter
baseless, uncomfortable
alternate, bulletproof
additionally, functional
over, similarly
freak, prolonged
ridonc, warned
troubling, value
admitted, marty
incompatible, incompetent
unconventional, well-planned
abysmal, apt
creation, droll
respendable, ungrounded
magnificent, mid-sized
genius, supplied
terrorized, well-prepared
tabled, wrongful
explicit, policy
joyous, old
braver, microscopic
expedient, jolly
silly, simple
distressing, light
bogus, lame
marty, science-based
awkward, co-funding
elaborated, evil
angry, nicer
interoperable, performed
applicable, preoccupied
appalling, established
carsick, cloudy
interrelated, unitary
iittle, increasingly
delay, dumb
dope, unfortunate
deserved, sane
lucid, unpublished
evening, sugary
dear, reality
attainable, egregious
embarrassed, tenuous
dense, uncomfortable
later, tied
demonstrated, rusty
proceed, quieter
antiquated, slippery
damaged, theoretical
convenient, removed
drawn-out, forthcoming
crowded, satisfied
hunger, missing
charged, jeopardized
excessive, sharp
blurred, flammable
subject, thrilled
excluded, then
longterm, rampant
as, denser
normal, poor
lucid, wise
buoyant, self-sufficient
every, intractable
cheaper, life-long
blatant, messy
labour-intensive, well-controlled
chickenshit, realisable
conclusive, productive
claire, purty
lucid, supreme
normally, transnational
noticeable, shortly
graver, monitored
hiv-positive, petrified
belated, currently
non-competitive, peripheral
basically, geek
gorgeous, jam-packed
defined, unconscionable
better-quality, solidarity
anywhere, prepped
disputable, wrecked
dorky, offensive
inactive, surprising
intolerable, supplementary
leave, satisfying
cumbersome, lighter
relentless, reliable
contained, large
losin, unprotected
nothingg, sudden
consequential, rescinded
slow, well-behaved
looser, seventh
disrespect, observed
bonnie, wetter
definite, holier
happening, huh
material, uncanny
co-dependent, functioning
unforeseeable, welcomed
info, proceed
overwrought, wretched
feasible, issued
honoured, prat
grievous, seropositive
better-educated, interested
handled, informal
co-chair, cohesive
insensitive, reasoned
french, principal
patchy, scarce
despicable, unreliable
credible, oriental
hither, prevailing
living, uneconomical
flawed, it
brightest, rock-hard
leveraged, monumental
broader-based, spontaneous
doubtful, worrying
merciless, panicky
