recommended, terrified
cost-effective, race
dumb, refrigerated
broad, iate
abolished, self-governed
overt, recognizing
associated, frazzled
giddy, unsuitable
destabilizing, invested
additional, logical
devastating, promising
preferable, sticky
bereft, tragic
assertive, south
blinded, well-developed
remaining, wacko
threaded, transparent
dreamy, neighbours
generalised, imrtant
unsanitary, wonderful
forever, imperfect
gotta, shortly
incompetent, two-fold
missingg, still
casual, whole
average, proactive
confidentiality, dope
baby-sitting, invariable
stipulated, thorough
previous, self-governing
builshit, stubborn
attractive, coming
all-powerful, anticipated
dope, sunny
crazy, prescribed
open-ended, stupide
absurd, trusted
hardworking, someday
arranged, moreover
comprehend, subsequent
discretionary, potent
retard, trendy
less, noted
old-timer, unable
finest, schizo
intimate, weighted
interim, reduction
anticipated, disconcerting
underway, wealthiest
belated, nuts
fanta, guys
grass-roots, right-
bullshit, wicked
hurtin, unusual
cheery, fearless
allright, interrelated
darn, perplexing
facilitated, idle
peaceful, sophisticated
blunt, ephemeral
harmless, related
alright, insecure
master, negligent
ignored, merciful
overwhelmed, predominant
brand-new, part
overloaded, varied
minus, overdue
finally, paramount
costeffective, fluid
miniscule, principale
preferable, rank
advisable, tonight
fragmented, secondly
geographic, illusory
