understanding, well-off
black, orderable
promising, self-explanatory
crummy, overt
dense, illogical
dominant, neutral
effective, freest
long-standing, rugged
practical, timely
clare, original
alternative, genius
deader, lovely
mainstream, trivial
apt, simplest
exponential, fucked-up
franco, pivotal
named, solidarity
advisable, elected
dense, girl
foutu, nessessary
commended, overdue
momentous, untapped
under-funded, wild
almost, gorgeous
deader, pitch-black
exquisite, require
prime, unseemly
consistent, domestic
grim, laudable
absolutely, in-progress
fortunate, insurmountable
adamant, presently
awestruck, hope
gratifying, spent
convenient, doctor
firmer, untraceable
brittle, precious
burned, extraneous
impaired, stressful
blow, ready
beneficial, dumb
palpable, some
iovely, one-sidedly
nauseous, preposterous
farther, maintained
global, part
reasonably, smarter
broke, moronic
cleverer, former
entertaining, wacky
being, mutual
cheesy, much
furthest, pleasing
competitive, impenetrable
fullest, garbled
breathe, hard
advisable, micro
resolute, sudden
although, conducive
anomalous, pro-active
max, patentable
operational, stopped
high-quality, premature
dressed, unrealistic
calming, refusal
basically, meticulous
overdue, technology-neutral
founded, gloomy
operated, subject
affordable, stubborn
everybody, simillar
formidable, leave
fall, joyful
shocked, uneconomical
alarming, dope
personally, western
fall, stay
distressed, populated
previously, prior
aware, crystal-clear
generally, predominant
better-looking, screened
better-educated, scandalous
away, lost
countless, paranoid
finite, furious
hlv-positive, inefficient
disposal, terrified
a-okay, amiss
ecological, outdated
anonymous, meritorious
categorical, pathway
northeastern, symbolic
emerged, om-mazing
distant, lovely
rock-hard, unrestricted
asian, doubled
exhaustive, geographic
abysmal, debatable
flattered, idiots
asinine, cleanest
resident, typically
even, experienced
fluid, useless
evey, fresh
