obsessed, slower
chosen, infected
crowded, nosey
quoted, unspoiled
legendary, unremarkable
mission-critical, relaxed
inferior, open-ended
certainly, scant
miniscule, spoilt
closest, humane
fearful, net
predictable, several
commensurate, crafty
freaky, preferential
battered, iil
fourth, symmetrical
crude, gender-neutral
deserved, prevailing
personal, various
extreme, hypersensitive
dominant, likable
conceivable, discussion
kidding, treaty
infrequent, shaun
clear-cut, security
non-exclusive, readyto
hateful, represented
brief, reality
characteristic, energy-efficient
exceptionally, trusted
gratifying, indian
partially, shitless
inconsiderable, unified
principally, shy
afraid, funded
involved, stubborn
boundless, insufficient
particularly, recently
careful, missing
embarrassed, well-educated
enjoyable, invalid
actually, ill-founded
antagonistic, confident
mistaken, super
iegitimate, synergistic
-mentioned, depressed
intermediate, retard
excellent, morbid
professionally, smarty
heavy, scrumptious
charming, rogue
grand, tasteful
all-embracing, choosy
noisy, uh-huh
culturally, gaunt
garbled, logical
sonny, yet
discriminatory, inquisitive
disparate, smitten
-sorry, unprecedented
broader-based, exposed
commenced, intended
fragile, outdated
destabilizing, pivotal
cooperative, germane
adaptive, bro
audience, lively
freest, proscribed
finally, reversed
regrettably, retard
laddie, two-fold
agreed-upon, schizo
subtler, unsafe
confrontational, substantiated
shiny, thirds
equal, unhealthy
heinous, hospitable
affixed, criminal
recognising, worrying
favourable, unqualified
patronizing, slick
respected, smug
heavy-handed, pretend
delicious, refundable
need, prerequisite
fair, verify
receptive, revised
cruellest, immutable
amazing, motivation
ferociously, well-organized
david, south
antagonistic, pushy
everyone, structured
pragmatic, rising
endearing, furthermore
helpless, scientifically
indisputable, strongly
confidential, protracted
all-inclusive, goofy
diligent, interestedin
representativeness, wished
ingrained, unprofitable
gross, rapidly
brightest, short
being, spooky
determinable, roll
cruel, wrong
predictable, well-founded
elegante, odious
humbled, incorrect
neat, stale
doin, mental
doubt, fully
fewer, traditional
expressed, happening
disjunct, second
baseless, professionally
fewer, individualized
co-operation, ripe
exhausting, fake
appropriate, determined
charmed, oriental
-lncredible, through
indispensable, industrial
deficient, refined
whilst, wholesome
bogus, intermediate
irregular, well-prepared
factored, higher
clear, shortly
deceased, missy
determinable, extensive
grand, particular
turbulent, upstanding
diversified, received
hypersensitive, reckless
close, different
hope, insufficient
innocents, targeted
attended, rare
arguable, upbeat
accordingly, anonymous
ravishing, well-structured
seropositive, sweeter
affixed, humiliated
nationwide, vulgar
dirtier, jumpy
entirely, funnier
belated, strictest
beloved, bulletproof
